
Some random ideas:
1. Ships must be grouped into battle groups. Battlegroups must fight together during combat.
2. Ships could be stationed either on territories or in "open ocean" from where they can attack but
where they are vulnerable to direct attack.
3. Hidden units wouldn't be attackable
4. Hidden units don't immediately reveal when declaring an attack.


Current Problems with 0.3.0:

Major Problems:
1. Snowball
2. hard math calculation for combat
3. hard math calculation for whether to attack
4. turtling

Lesser Problems:
1. Logistics counting annoying
2. Actions are played at weird times to be effective
3. Gameplay seems inconsequential? Not enough siege damage early?
4. Full reshuffle for hidden units is time-consuming an mechanically
	weird.
5. Card knowledge very important. Is this a problem?
6. UX of cards is not good

Possible solutions:
1. Snowball:
	- Make it easier to attack players with lots of territories
		without losing ships. This allows territories to be recaptured.
	- Take penalty for territories owned or ships in play? Less draw
		power?
	- Continue to allow player to "tank" siege with deck.
2. Hard math calc for combat:
	- Simplify help defense
	- Simplify attack and defense
	- Simplify surprise attacker
3. Hard math calculation for whether to attack
	- add randomness so it can't be calculated perfectly
	- add more imperfect knowledge like hidden attackers
	- Do anything in 2.
4. Turtling
	- Need to punish doing nothing
	- Need to reward doing something
	- Need to make it more clear which player is behind and
		needs to make up progress.
	- Fewer units where neither kills the other. Fewer defensive
	units. Fewer units where both kill eachother.

Open Ocean Idea:
	Ships can either be at territories or in the open ocean. Open ocean ships can intercept attacks or attack, but can also be 
	attacked.

	When an open ocean ship is attacked, any escorting ships are
	also attacked. For this reason, open ocean ships should usually
	be escorted for protection. 

	Certain ships like submarines or hidden units maybe can't be
	attacked in the open ocean. This makes them useful for interception. 

	Maybe open ocean ships logistics work differently? This means
	only a certain number of individual battlegroups can exist
	in the open ocean at a time? Perhaps only capital ships can enter
	the open ocean? Or capital ships and raiders? So escorts must be
	attached to a capital ship.

Hidden Change:
	What if hidden became that the unit can be played any time you play
	an action card. This means you can keep hidden cards in hand and use them at need. Alternatively, this could be the rule for surprise attacker??

Attack and defense changes:
	What if units have a single power level that was modified by
	things. For instance, planes are power level 1 but grow to 3 if
	there are no opposing planes.

	What if units have a "type" of power level. Air, subsurface and
	surface. The balance of each type determines something. Like 
	damage = the different in that type for each type.

	Each unit could have multiple types. For instance, a plane might
	have 2 surface, 2 air and 0 subsurface.

	Each unit would have a defense of one type. Ships surface, planes
	air and submarines subsurface. The total damage of a type would
	kill units of that type on the other side.

Alternative Combat:
	What if units attack "wide" (like MtG) but certain units can
	only assign to block other specific units. For instance, planes
	cannot block submarines, nothing can block carrier if it has escorts or planes... etc.

Mix of last two:
	Units have different stats depending on how they are assigned
	as blockers. For instance, an AA escort might have a good AA
	type stat but a poor subsurface stat. This determines how
	players want to assign blockers.

	Maybe escorts need to be assigned blockers before a carrier can
	be. This is how they protect carriers from say submarines - which
	carriers would have a low subsurface attack against.

Asymmetry? 
	What if the US player is trying to gain territory and the RU
	player is trying to prevent them from doing so before they run
	out of cards?

Combat rework (fixes snowball, hard math):
	1. one attack per turn. not declared against a specific territory.
	2. each ship attacks seperately
	3. each ship can be blocked by one or more ships (maybe. Maybe 
		unlocked by special rule on card)
	4. capital ships cannot be blocked until all escorts have been
		blocked. Squadrons, DDs, CGs and subs are escorts.
	5. Help defense could still exist as an ability to aid in other combats. Perhaps if unblocked... This would make it very good on
	capital ships like Kirov.
	6. Surprise attack probably goes the way of the dodo. Maybe, maybe
	not...

Escort: Friendly capital ships that are attacking cannot be blocked
unless this ship is blocked.

Submarines: Cannot block or be blocked by squadrons. Is there a more
clever way to do this?

Deck size reduction
	To make siege damage more impactful.

Remove siege:
	Every ship just does 2 siege damage.

Still need to solve the turtling strategy:
	- upkeep cost for big stuff
	- upkeep cost for all stuff
	- more territories makes defense harder
	- more ships is somehow bad
	- doing damage is better
	- losing stuff is not as bad
	- what if attacking somehow ties up resources of your opponent,
		incentivizing you to do it every turn. Like it "taps" one 
		of their territories or makes them discard a card from their
		hand. Attacking a territory could "damage it" meaning it now
		produces half the original logistics. 

