
Brendan Badia
Sun, Oct 4, 8:11 AM (5 days ago)
to me

Hey, my Dad and I have conducted our first round of playtesting. Overall 
we like the game. Our comments are focused on a couple questions/suggestions 
about the rules and one suggested rule change we think is warranted.

First, the comments on the rules

1) In the draw step we have assumed that you must discard any cards before 
you draw an additional card. This would preclude, for example, drawing a 
card and then discarding it for another. Is this the case? If so, I would 
simply cchange the rules to read the following way: "After the player has 
discarded any card (if they chose to do so), the player many optionally 
drawn an additional card".

2) We were curious if players got to attack in the first turn. We were 
thinking this shouldn;t be the case. In the first game we played where 
I started, I was able to deploy 7 assault strength in the first turn. 
It didn't seem fair to be able to use that attack my Dad who hadn't 
got a chance to deploy anything as he would lose almost 20% of his deck. 
Even though he got to drawn an additional card and I didn't we felt this 
tradeoff was fair for the player who went second. Therefore we recommend 
that the attack step does not occur in the first turn.

3) We noticed that to destroy opponents ships/aircraft you need as much 
strength as the player has defense, but to take naval bases you need 
assault strength greater than defense. To make it easier for the players 
I would recommend that to take naval bases you need to do the same thing 
as when you destroy ships/aircraft: have assault strength equal or greater 
to the defense. To rebalance you can simply add one additional defense to 
all naval bases.

In terms of the actual game balance, we found that our games tended to 
have one player dominate while the other player didn't have a chance to 
catch up. If the Russians got enough subs with assault strength or the 
Americans got enough strong ships it felt like game over for the other 
side. The issue in our opinion stemmed from the ability to only get net 
one card per turn and the fact you only start with five cards. It felt 
like the opening hands were too critical to who could dominate the opening, 
and once that occured the player who was behind couldn't get enough cards 
to get back into the game. It also felt that we would use cards too quickly 
and then end up with only one card in our hand, which meant the only option 
with what we could do with our hand was use a card or not. Even though ships 
and subs could be returned to the hand we didn't leverage that ability much 
once a player got ahead.

Our suggestion is that instead of drawing an optional additional card per turn, 
you could have players draw additional cards until their hand reached a certain 
size (for example, 3 or 5), or simply increase the number of additional cards 
you get from the deck. 

Hope that helps. If you have any questions or comments let me know. Thanks!
Brendan

Rick Rodgers <libertycabbage84@gmail.com>
Mon, Oct 5, 5:50 PM (4 days ago)
to Brendan


Thanks for writing this up! 

Answers and responses:
1. Yeah, you have it right. I'll make that more clear in the rules.
2. Players are allowed to attack on the first turn. This advantage is supposed 
	to be balanced by the fact that the first player does not draw an additional 
	card and that their opponent gets to make a more informed decision about what 
	to play/discard. This is something I've had an eye on for a while, and it's 
	definitely something I haven't decided about yet. I've enjoyed the fact that 
	the current rule gets the game going quickly with a sense of urgency (unlike 
	Magic where the game starts pretty slow), but I can definitely understand a 
	player feeling put-out by taking a bunch of damage before they've had a chance 
	to react.
3. This may actually be an error in the rules as they are written. In both cases, 
	success is supposed to be based on equal-to-or-greater-than. Ships are currently 
	balanced assuming that rule. Nice catch.

Thanks for the feedback on balance. "Snow-balling" is something that was a huge 
problem with the first prototype of the game, and I've tried to address it in 
later versions. For instance, territory buyback wasn't initially a mechanic and 
the first player to conquer a territory would pretty much always win. More recently, 
I've tried adding more Strategy and Tactic cards that allow a player to either 
pivot to a new strategy or get-back-into a game they've fallen behind in. That 
said,  I think there is definitely room for some mechanic that would make 
getting back into the game easier. I'm not sure I want to touch the current 
draw mechanics. I am a big fan of the draw mechanics since I think they give players 
a really consequential decision about what cards to play vs discard vs keep in hand. 
I see the decision to draw/discard/play as pretty much the most important strategic 
decision in the game (along with when to reveal hidden cards). Hand size is a 
possibility though. 

Would you be interested in playing a few games on Tabletop Simulator? I recently got 
it working with customs decks, and I'm curious to see how people play when they didn't 
learn the game from me explaining it to them. 

Was there anything else in the rules you thought was under-explained or confusing? I 
realize I forgot to update the section on card class vs card name to account for some 
last minute changes, and I'm always finding more stuff.

Thanks or giving it a try, and say thanks to your dad for me!
Rick